- [Instructor] In order to start coding
we'll begin with a spring boot app which I've already added
the necessary boiler plate code.
I've applied the necessary dependencies
in the gradle build file.
I'm using IntelliJ community addition but any IDE will do
since our builds will be through the command line.
I'm using the built-in terminal inside of IntelliJ.
If your IDE does not have a terminal option,
open the command line or terminal window
and navigate to the directory
where the application code can be found.
We'll quickly build the application from the command line
inside the base level of our application folder
by typing gradle clean build.
This will put the app in a state
where all the dependencies are needed for the sample
and will be downloaded and made ready for application.
Looking at the build gradle file,
notice the dependencies for activemq.
I've said this is a Spring boot application
and so certain assumptions are made for us
like the presence of an activemq server.
With the dependencies specified
for Spring boot starter activemq,
Spring automatically will stand this up
as a server with no further configuration necessary.
Later on, we'll download and start our own activemq server
with the appropriate configuration inside of our app.
Okay, let's navigate to the application Java file.
We're going to annotate this class with @enableJms.
Doing so, we'll trigger the discovery of methods annotated
with @JmsListener which will add
in another class file shortly.
Next, we need to add a Spring configuration
bean to the application.java
which is a public
JmsListenerContainerFactory
and we'll annotate this with @Bean.
Let's call this configured bean method warehouseFactory.
And because it annotate with that bean
it'll be made available to the Spring context as a
JmsListenerContainerFactory bean.
Inside the method parenthesis, let's add two parameters.
We'll add a ConnectionFactory
and a DefaultJmsListenerContainerFactoryConfigure.
Next, inside of our warehouseFactory method,
we'll instantiate a DefaultJmsListenerContainerFactory.
And pass this object to the configure
as well as the ConnectionFactory variable.
And then let's return the factory.
Okay, one last thing we need to do in the application class
is add inside of our static void main method.
I call this send a message to the queue.
I've already added a call to obtain
the JMS template reference for you
which we'll use for sending a message.
So let me talk to this quickly to what this is doing.
A default instance of the JMS template or object
already exist inside the Spring context
and we're simply accessing the other context call.
With all this set up
we'll use the JmsTemplate object
and call convertAndSend.
In chapter three, we'll talk more about
convertAndSend method as it relates to
converting and sending more complex objects
like POJOs and sending them as JSON or XML messages.
The convertAndSend method takes two parameters.
The first is the name of the message queue or destination
we will be sending to.
The second parameter is the object
that we'll be transmitting.
We'll type order queue,
first is the destination
which is the message queue we want to transmit to.
The second parameter will be the order object
which for now will be a simple string message.